feat: Addition of Reviewer's Guideline (#4338)
kubernetes/community: contributors/guide/reviewer-guidelines.md

### Flakes/Test Fixes
- If the PR is to fix any test in the repository's CI , you can easily review the change by seeing the `Green Ticks` in the PR Checks.

### Typo's/Very Minor Change
- If the PR is about a typo in the repository, any grammer suggestion or it comprises of a very minore change, You can see the differences in the code made by using the GitHub UI, and check if the PR satifies all the criterias.

### A Patch/Minor Chage
- If the PR is a patch or a minor change in the repository, You can browse through the changes line of codes through the GitHub UI. You can use the `Split Diff View` for easy view of each LOC and also you can see changes made in the each commit of the patch using the UI.

### Major Change:
- If the PR is a major change which may affect a lot of section of your repository, You can pull the local changes of the PR into your local system and browse through each and every change made in the PR. You can also test & play around with the changes done in the PR to ensure each and every change is as expected.
- To fetch the Pull Request locally, Use this -
```sh

> $ git fetch origin pull/ID/head:BRANCHNAME

Reviewer: This is somewhat inaccurate for the [kubernetes GitHub workflow](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/guide/github-workflow.md). With a fork/PR based workflow you'll be pulling from upstream and you have a couple options.
```
git checkout -b '<pr-to-review>'
git pull upstream/<ID>/head
```
or
```
git remote add <PR author> <PR author's forked repo>
git fetch <PR author>
git checkout --track <PR Author>/<PR author's branch>
```
example:
```
# their PR is based off branch awesome-feature
git remote add herpderp git@github.com:herpderp/kubernetes.git
git fetch herpderp
git checkout --track herpderp/awesome-feature
```

once they are satisfied with it or else closing it. The assignee might request
reviews from non-maintainers.

### What after succesfull review ?
- If the code changes in the PR looks good, You can trigger the PR Builder to test the PR for tests defined.
    + PR Builder can be triggered by a reply of `/ok-to-test` by a **Kubernetes Member**
- A PR is considered to be `Ready To Merge` if it matches the `Tide Conditions` after which `Tide` can successfully merge the PR. You can find the set of conditions [here](https://prow.k8s.io/tide).

## Something to Avoid

- From newcomer's perspective, If the PR is ignored for days and afterwhich it receives a long list of `Review Comments` specifying the changes and mistakes in their PR may feel too very harsh.
- For to avoid such problems, Here are some general guidelines to avoid while reviewing the PRs :
    + Avoid stating your personal opinion as a fact in the PR's comments.
    + Avoid avalanche of comments and judgemental questions.
    + Don't ask the developer to fix the problem which is not covered in the following Issue Description or PR.
    + Avoid using sarcastic comments and try to be formal & precise.

> ## Additional Readings

Reviewer: Another really good resource is Tim's presentation from this past contributor summit -- it has some invaluable tips for reviewing prs

[Keeping the Bar High - How to be a bad ass Code Reviewer](https://youtu.be/OZVv7-o8i40)

---

> title: "Code Reviewal Guidelines"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "Code Review Guidelines"
```

    + If it is a bug fix:
        * Does the following actually fix the bug ?
        * Is the bug real/worth fixing ?
        * Is this the right fix ?
    + If it is a feature request:
        * Is the community okay with this feature ?
        * Do we really need this feature to move forward?
        * Does it break the other features in the repository?
- If the scope of change is very large, it is always better to ask for incremental change PRs as they are much more easy to interact and review.
- Make sure the changes contain comments :
    + If the patch does *anything* non-obvious, it needs to explain why and how with proper comments.
    + If you made any decision while making some analysis, explain why you chose the following and on what basis.
- Final note to reviewers, code review time is exponential to the PR size, hence it's better to check each change line by line so that it does not affect any other feature in the repository.

### What happens after successful review ?
- If the Pull Request looks good, you can trigger the PR Builder to test the PR for tests defined.
    + PR Builder can be triggered by a reply of `/ok-to-test` by a **Kubernetes Member**

> - A PR is considered to be `Ready To Merge` if it matches the `Tide Conditions` after which `Tide` can successfully merge the PR. You can find the set of conditions [here](https://prow.k8s.io/tide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A PR is considered to be `Ready To Merge` once it meets the [_merge criteria_](http://git.k8s.io/test-infra/prow/cmd/tide/pr-authors.md). After which [Tide](https://prow.k8s.io/tide) can batch the PR to be merged.
```
I'd hold off on introducing a new term here. The tide docs refer to the conditions as _merge_criteria_. ref: https://git.k8s.io/test-infra/prow/cmd/README.md#merge-automation

Using the same terminology will help folks when looking stuff up 👍

---
title: "Code Review Guidelines"
weight: 1
slug: "reviewer-guidelines" 
---

> *This Section is new and in progress. Expect this document to change often*

Reviewer 3: Suggest dropping this line.

**Table Of Contents**

- [Reviewer Guidelines](#reviewer-guidelines)
    + [Reviewing Process](#reviewing-process)
    + [Reviewing Ideology](#reviewing-ideology)
    + [Something To Avoid](#something-to-avoid)
    + [Additional Readings](#additional-readings)

## Reviewing Process

These are some general guidelines for review, based on the size or type of pull request. 

Note that each reviewer has their own style, adapted over time, so don't feel you need to explicitly commit to every one of these guidelines.

> ### Flakes/Test Fixes

Reviewer 4: I strongly second removing this section.

Reviewer 3: Another set of comments here marked resolved without comment or change.  Was perhaps a commit not pushed up onto the stack in the PR?

> - If the PR is to fix any test in the repository's CI , you can easily review the change by seeing the `Green Ticks` in the PR Checks.

Reviewer 4: if you're going to keep this section, please remove "easily", it's not easy if it's your first time reviewing. :)

### Very Minor Changes (like typo fixes)

> If the PR makes typo/grammar fixes or comprises a very minor change in a repository, you can fairly easily review the PR by using the GitHub UI. You should ensure that the PR passes all GitHub checks before approval.

Reviewer 4: remove "fairly easily" please

### Minor Changes

If the PR is a minor change in the repository, you can browse through the changes line of codes through the GitHub UI. You can use the ["Split Diff View"](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/about-comparing-branches-in-pull-requests) for easy view of each LOC and also you can see changes made in the each commit of the patch using the UI.

### Major Change:

> - If the PR is a major change which may affect a lot of section of your repository, You can pull the local changes of the PR into your local system and browse through each and every change made in the PR. You can also test & play around with the changes done in the PR to ensure each and every change is as expected.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- If the PR is a major change which may affect a large section of your repository, you can pull the local changes of the PR into your local system and browse through each and every change made in the PR. You can also test & play around with the changes done in the PR to ensure each and every change is as expected.
```

> - To fetch the Pull Request locally, Use this -

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- To fetch the Pull Request locally, use this -
```

```sh
$ git checkout -b `<pr-to-review>`
$ git pull upstream/<PULL ID>/head
```

## Reviewing Ideology

### Deciding what to review ?

> - As a Maintainer, you will might be completely overloaded with the Pending PRs left to review. Some of which will be from experienced contributors and some from the new contributor.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- As a Maintainer, you might be completely overloaded with the Pending PRs left to review, some of which will be from experienced contributors and some from a new contributor.
```

> - Since you know the experienced contributor already knows the guidelines for PR and Code to be written for repository. You should review the PR and patches from the experienced contributors first, as it will be less time consuming.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Since you know the experienced contributor already knows the guidelines for PR and Code to be written for repository, you should review the PR and patches from the experienced contributors first, as it will be less time consuming.
```

> - Until you have a large block of free time, you must put the newcomer PR on hold. Afterwhich, you should go line by line through the code changes in the PR - and please avoid criticizing  the `Code Structure`, `Coding Style` of the newcomer's PR.

Reviewer 3: The "must" feels a bit strong.  It's important also to dedicate time equitably.  The diff stat can be a first order indicator.  Even if you have little time, you might be able to dispatch many one or two line patches which prove on a closer look to be easy reviews (inevitably some one or two line patches will take hours of considered thought, but you'll quickly have a sense that will be the case and can defer these until more time is available).  Small, trivial patches from anybody ideally see high velocity.

> - Until you have a large block of free time, You must put the newcomer PR for hold. Afterwhich, you should go line by line to the code changes in the PR and please avoid to criticse the `Code Structure`, `Coding Style` of the newcomer's PR.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Until you have a large block of free time, you must put the newcomer PR on hold. Afterwhich, you should go line by line through the code changes in the PR - and please avoid criticizing  the `Code Structure`, `Coding Style` of the newcomer's PR.
```

Reviewer 4: (English is the wooooorst about infinitive vs gerund ❤️I see you)

### Assigned Reviews
- Maintainers can assign reviews to other maintainers, when appropriate. The
assignee becomes the shepherd for that PR and is responsible for merging the PR
once they are satisfied with it or else closing it. The assignee might request
reviews from non-maintainers.

### What to approve ?
- Before approving the `Patch/PR`, Make sure :
    + If it is a bug fix:

>         * Does the followign actually fixes the bug ?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
        * Does the following actually fix the bug ?
```

        * Is the bug real/worth fixing ?
        * Is this the right fix ?
    + If it is a feature request:
        * Is the community okay with this feature ?
        * Do we really need this feature to move forward?
        * Does it break the other features in the repository?

> - If the scope of change is very large, it is always better to ask for smaller and focused PRs as they are much more easy to interact and review.

Reviewer 3: Perhaps the phrase "incremental change PRs" helps clarify in addition to "smaller and focused".

> - If the scope of change is very large, It is always better to ask for smaller and focused PRs as they are much easy to interact and review.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- If the scope of change is very large, it is always better to ask for smaller and focused PRs as they are much more easy to interact and review.
```

- Make sure the changes contain comments :

>     + If the patch does *anything* non-obvious, It needs to explain why and how with proper comments.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    + If the patch does *anything* non-obvious, it needs to explain why and how with proper comments.
```

>     + If you made any decision while making some analysis, Explain why you chose the following and what basis.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    + If you made any decision while making some analysis, explain why you chose the following and on what basis.
```

> - Final note to reviewers, Code review time is exponential to the PR size, Hence it's better to check each change line by line so that it does not affect any other feature in the repository.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Final note to reviewers, code review time is exponential to the PR size, hence it's better to check each change line by line so that it does not affect any other feature in the repository.
```

> ### What after successful review ?

Reviewer 4: maybe "what happens" or "what about" ?

> - If the code changes in the PR looks good, You can trigger the PR Builder to test the PR for tests defined.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- If the Pull Request looks good, you can trigger the PR Builder to test the PR for tests defined.
```

    + PR Builder can be triggered by a reply of `/ok-to-test` by a **Kubernetes Member**
- A PR is considered to be `Ready To Merge` if it matches the `Tide Conditions` after which `Tide` can successfully merge the PR. You can find the set of conditions [here](https://prow.k8s.io/tide).

## Something to Avoid

> - From newcomer's perspective, If the PR is ignored for days and afterwhich it receives a long list of `Review Comments` specifying the changes and mistakes in their PR may feel too very harsh.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- From a newcomer's perspective, if the PR is ignored for days and afterwhich it receives a long list of `Review Comments` specifying the changes and mistakes in their PR may feel too harsh.
```

> - For to avoid such problems, Here are some general guidelines to avoid while reviewing the PRs :

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- To avoid such problems, here are some general guidelines to avoid while reviewing the PRs :
```

    + Avoid stating your personal opinion as a fact in the PR's comments.
    + Avoid avalanche of comments and judgemental questions.
    + Don't ask the developer to fix the problem which is not covered in the following Issue Description or PR.

>     + Avoid using sarcastic comments and try to be formal & precise.

Reviewer 4: yes, please! I love this!
